OKTA-620012 Implement grant type update (#4251)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/implement-grant-type/main/saml2assert/setup-app.md

1. Select **Native Application** for **Application type**, then click **Next**.
1. Enter an **App integration name**.

> 1. Enter the **Sign-in redirect URIs** box to redirect the user with their token.

Reviewer: This doesn't make sense - they enter a box? I suggest starting with "In the" even tho Acrolinx complains. Sometimes it just doesn't work.
```suggestion
1. In the **Sign-in redirect URIs** box, specify the callback location where Okta returns the browser (along with the token). 
```

Author: I've changed all five variations around this instruction to similar versions of your suggestion. Used "enter" rather than "verify".
